hello everyone really great to be here
so what i'm here to present is two
projects that I've been involved in so
I'm building with an amazing team a
project called Identity Manager so we
are trying to solve decentralized
identity by using open standards there
already exists so in this short kind of
cards show slide awesome like that we
have the most important features that we
want to have so your identity under your
control so it's your in your control in
the sense that you edit your personal
data in a single place safely and it
gets propagated everywhere it's privacy
first so it disclose only what you want
and you can even even go fully
anonymously
whenever interact with a with a website
also we want to provide this centralized
single sign-on for any website or
decentralized applications stuff like
that and also we are embracing
decentralized identifiers which is a
specification being made by a community
to have single D IDs that are based on
public Ledger's a Tyrian block sharing
receiving Bitcoin and many others IP ID
is one of those the ID methods uses IP
FS for instance Bri fiber content shows
which are basically statements that I
can say to others and those are really
nice because I can say anything about
anyone even the government can say
things about me like they can say that
I'm not no longer underage and K they
can say like ok I'm 18 and I can then
prove that take that credential and
prove that I can buy alcohol to someone
trying to sell how cool for me so we
have also signed operations and data for
any any website that wants to sign
anything basically so to actually
demonstrate these we have like this cool
website here and we have like a video I
will go quickly go through to the
features that we are happy have so let
me put fullscreen and because the video
is like 6 minutes I will speed it up so
maybe when
I guess so what are you seeing is like a
lock screen setting up so I'm putting my
passphrase we want to set up other lock
types but for now is just a passphrase
you choose the idling time and then we
we have the identity feature in this
case I'm going to create a new identity
and basically we just support AK the ID
for now but want to support many other
GID methods so you choose a person and
then you can put your folder there and
then you can choose your name and the
saucer let's continue and then you
choose your device so the device here is
very important because you can have
multiple devices associated your
identity just just like the real world
right so in this moment is creating an
AP NS record and that met it was the ID
that map to my dealer document and
because IP NS the way APD works is that
you have to have a key that plates the
the p NS records we need to safely back
it up in order to be able to import
other devices imported or identity in
other devices and also you must erase
this key from this device to be kept
safe right so that's the backup process
now you have we are seeing the the
profile you can chase more fuels within
the profile nationality gender location
stuff like that and you save it and if
yeah and the information appears there
there's also the devices just one at the
moment and you can also add proofs of
your social networks and also you you
saw applications there by the moment we
just go into the imported entity so you
take the minim on ik and you place it
there and you can import your identity
in other devices in this case let's go
restore take some time yes so a new
device was was actually headed now which
has these like this name and res laptop
so we now have two devices associated to
my identity right so we now should be
able to see those two devices there and
now let's demonstrate I can use these to
authenticate to an application so we
made like a
very rough shut up for us to demonstrate
so we already into authenticated witness
and now we can you know use our identity
to to be situated with the messages
there but those messages are not being
signed yet okay so it's very quick I
think so yeah I put more on my faster I
guess like speed to write so the
messages are now being signed and those
check marks means meaning means that
message are being signed with your
session key and now if we type ipfs it
will ask you to sign with your device
key and because the device key is
encrypted within your storage you need
to actually put the passphrase and you
are to rise in the assignment with a
profess and it's great yes
[Applause]